So how do you know him?
Stop running towards the car
How do you get back?
provoke the Dong family to fight the killing god and come up to me
Go wait
Is Xiaobao alright?
Thank you uncle
Your dad and I are on the bus
But I can't offend the Dong family
This card has 1 million
Enough for you mother and son to live
So you saved their mother and son
His father and I were comrades in arms
It should be
But he is unwilling to try for you now.
You have no doubt about any of his decisions
Dad now
I just hope you can win his favor.
Marry him for what?
You still let me get his favor and marry him
Are you insulting me?
Are you not even listening to me?
Anything else is fine
It's not negotiable.
Even if I die, I can't marry a security guard